rspec-rails 4.0 release blog post (#143)
rspec/rspec.github.io: source/blog/2020-03-24-rspec-rails-4-0-has-been-released.md

RSpec Rails 4 only supports Rails 5 and 6. This is in line with our
new versioning policy which keeps major versions of RSpec Rails in
lockstep with supported versions of Rails.

This means that we no longer support versions of Ruby below 2.2
in line with the supported Ruby versions of Rails 5.

We have restricted the version of Rails for this version to 4.2 to
allows a "soft support" for Rails 4.2 during this transitionary
period but we strongly urge you to upgrade Rails to use 4.0.0.

### Removed version lock with RSpec gems

The `rspec-rails` gem is no longer locked with the versioning of the other RSpec gems, we will now be releasing `rspec-rails` with each new major Rails release, keeping in lockstep with their supported major versions.

### Improved JRuby support

We have improved JRuby support and RSpec Rails 4 fully supports JRuby on Rails 5 and 6.

### Support for Action Cable

We now support [channel specs][1] in order to easily test your Action Cable channels.  A `channel spec` pulls in `ActionCable::Channel::TestCase`, including all of the behavior and assertions that it provides, in addition to RSpec's own behavior and expectations.

### Support for Action Mailbox

> Rails 6 came with [Action Mailbox][2]. We can now test them using
> `:mailbox` flag and use [mailbox specs][4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rails 6 adds [Action Mailbox][2] for dealing with inbound emails.
RSpec Rails 4 adds support for [mailbox specs][4] using the Rails
test helpers for mailboxes.
```

> For example with `process` method and `have_been_delivered` matcher:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example using the Rails test helper, `process` and the `have_been_delivered` matcher:
```

~~~ ruby
RSpec.describe InboxMailbox, type: :mailbox do

>   it "marks email as bounced when number tag in subject is valid" do

Reviewer: This test doesn't mark the email as bounced?

Author: Yep. I fixed this error in the documentation too. Thanks

    mail = Mail.new(
      from: "replies@example.com",
      subject: "[141982763] support ticket"
    )
    mail_processed = process(mail)

    expect(mail_processed).to have_been_delivered
  end
end
~~~

> 

Reviewer: Extra new line.

end
~~~

### Silence log output with Puma

By default, Puma will no longer print logs when running system specs.

### Ability to manually turn off Active Record support

When using Rails without ActiveRecord or using an alternative ORM
or a database of choice, e.g. Sequel, ROM, Mongoid etc. We can
mistakenly detect ActiveRecord as being used due to other gems
autoloading the constants, we now support manually turning off
Active Record support when not configured with:
`config.use_active_record = false`

## Stats:

* **Total Commits**: 285
* **Merged pull requests**: 63
* **31 contributors**: Andrew White, Anton Rieder, Benoit Tigeot, Jon Rowe,
David Revelo, Giovanni Kock Bonetti, Ignatius Reza, James Dabbs, Joel AZEMAR,
John Hawthorn, Jonathan Rochkind, Kieran O'Grady, Marc-André Lafortune,
Moshe Kamensky, OKURA Masafumi, Olle Jonsson, Pedro Paiva, Penelope Phippen,
Phil Pirozhkov, Piotr W, Seb Jacobs, Tanbir Hasan, Viacheslav Bobrov,
Vladimir Dementyev, Xavier Shay, alpaca-tc, pavel, ta1kt0me, yalab

## Docs

### API Docs

* [rspec-rails](/documentation/4.0/rspec-rails/)

### Cucumber Features

* [rspec-rails](https://relishapp.com/rspec/rspec-rails/v/4-0/)

## Release Notes

> ### 4.0.0 / 2020-03-24

Reviewer: I didn't mean combine them! :/

Author: ahhh ok. Sorry.

Author: [https://github.com/rspec/rspec.github.io/pull/143/commits/7f5d471d79f18d7284a38a7c5e5cb15c284b45eb ](https://github.com/rspec/rspec.github.io/pull/143/commits/7f5d471d79f18d7284a38a7c5e5cb15c284b45eb)
